README.md: add link to Matrix room (#2354)
freifunk-gluon/gluon: README.md

Gluon's developers frequent an IRC chatroom at [#gluon](ircs://irc.hackint.org/#gluon)
on [hackint](https://hackint.org/). There is also a [webchat](https://webirc.hackint.org/#irc://irc.hackint.org/#gluon)

> that allows for uncomplicated access from within your browser and a bridged Matrix Room under [#gluon:hackint.org](https://matrix.to/#/#gluon:hackint.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that allows for uncomplicated access from within your browser. This channel is also available as a bridged Matrix Room at [#gluon:hackint.org](https://matrix.to/#/#gluon:hackint.org).
```
